remove dynamicrestmapper which is deprecated (#2544)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

### Removed

> - **Breaking Change:** remove `pkg/restmapper` which was deprecated in `v0.14.0`. Projects that use this package must switch to the `DynamicRESTMapper` implementation in [controller-runtime](https://godoc.org/github.com/kubernetes-sigs/controller-runtime/pkg/client/apiutil#NewDiscoveryRESTMapper). ([#2544](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2544))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Breaking Change:** remove `pkg/restmapper` which was deprecated in `v0.14.0`. Projects that use this package must switch to the `DynamicRESTMapper` implementation in [controller-runtime](https://godoc.org/github.com/kubernetes-sigs/controller-runtime/pkg/client/apiutil#NewDynamicRESTMapper). ([#2544](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2544))
```

### Removed

> - Remove `github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pkg/restmapper` which was deprecated in the version `0.14.0` in favor of the `DynamicRESTMapper` implementation in [controller-runtime](https://godoc.org/github.com/kubernetes-sigs/controller-runtime/pkg/client/apiutil#NewDiscoveryRESTMapper). ([#2544](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2544))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Breaking Change:** remove `pkg/restmapper` which was deprecated in `v0.14.0`. Projects that use this package must switch to the `DynamicRESTMapper` implementation in [controller-runtime](https://godoc.org/github.com/kubernetes-sigs/controller-runtime/pkg/client/apiutil#NewDiscoveryRESTMapper). ([#2544](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2544))
```
